Removed references to SequentialTaskRunner (#13996)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/3.0rc/develop/write-tasks/use-task-runners.mdx

description: Learn how to use the Prefect task runners for parallel or distributed task execution.
---

Task runners enable you to engage specific executors for Prefect tasks to enable concurrent, parallel, or 
distributed execution of tasks.

> Task runners are not required for task execution. Calling a task function directly without a task runner executes the 
> function sequentially by default. Execution of a task function blocks execution of its flow until the task completes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Task runners are not required for task execution. Calling a task function directly executes it like a normal python function, that is, it blocks execution of the parent flow run until the task completes.
```

## Running tasks sequentially

Sometimes, it's useful to force tasks to run sequentially to make it easier to reason about the 
behavior of your program. Switching to the `SequentialTaskRunner` will force submitted tasks to run 
sequentially rather than concurrently.
behavior of your program. Calling your tasks directly without using `.submit()` will automatically execute your tasks
in order.

> <Note>

Reviewer: perhaps we could keep an admonition like "`SequentialTaskRunner` is longer necessary, just call your task" or link to task concept page since it seems likely that people will have used it for one reason or another and come here looking for it after installing 3.x / breaking imports

using a specific task runner. In this case, you can create [subflows](/3.0rc/develop/write-workflows/#composing-flows) 
for tasks that need to use a different task runner.

For example, you can have a flow (in the example below called `multiple_runner_flow`) that runs its tasks locally 
using the `ConcurrentTaskRunner`. If you have some tasks that can run more efficiently in parallel on a Dask cluster, 
you can create a subflow (such as `dask_subflow`) to run those tasks using the `DaskTaskRunner`.

```python
from prefect import flow, task
from prefect.task_runners import ConcurrentTaskRunner
from prefect_dask.task_runners import DaskTaskRunner
import time

@task
def hello_local():
    time.sleep(2)
    print("Hello!")

@flow(task_runner=ConcurrentTaskRunner())
def concurrent_subflow():
    hello_local.submit()
    hello_local.submit()

@task
def hello_dask():
    print("Hello from Dask!")

@flow(task_runner=DaskTaskRunner())
def dask_subflow():
    hello_dask.submit()

> @flow(task_runner=ConcurrentTaskRunner())

Reviewer: not needed since each subflow specifies its own `task_runner` already
```suggestion
@flow
```

> @flow(task_runner=ConcurrentTaskRunner())

Reviewer: I wonder if this example should be removed, since the section was originally about running tasks sequentially, and this example doesnt demonstrate that anymore
